
Sign up

Please follow the following instruction for a successful sign up:

Step 1: Click the "Sign Up" button (top right) and enter your details

Step 2: Enter your email, click "Send OTP," check your email for the code, and click "Verify"

Step 3: Enter your phone number, click "Send OTP," check your SMS for the code, and click "Verify".

Enter your new password
Step 1: Click on Finish button to submit your registration

Step 2: Wait for 24hours for your approval.

Log in login

Step 1: Click on the log in button on top

Step 2: Fill in your email address and your password and click log in. 

Forgot password

Click on forgot password as displayed as "Forget password?" 
 .

Acces Parking System:

Press 1 For App users

Press 2 For USSD users .


For App users

Step 1: Log in 

Step 2: Select Access Parking Module

Step 3: Click Add Vehicle

Step 4: Enter your plate number (no spaces) and vehicle category, then click Add

Step 5: Click Submit

Step 6: Select the added vehicle, choose your payment period (daily, monthly, etc)

Step 7: Choose a parking zone and Lipa via Mpesa Express or Mpesa

Access parking system For non-app users (USSD users):

Step 1: Dial *282#

Step 2: Select 1: My Services

Step 3: Select 1: Parking

Step 4: Select 2: Pay for Existing (or 1 for New)

Step 5: Choose vehicle, period, and zone

Step 6: Confirm and enter Mpesa PIN .


Access Land rates:

Step 1: After Logging in select land rates module

Step 2: Top right select "pay for land service"

Step 3: Choose any service you want to pay for land 

Step 4: Fill in all the necessary information and click next 

Step 5: Upload all the necessary documnts and click finish 

Step 6: For Land transfer Please select Land Usage and proceed to payment 

Step 7: For Land clearance Please select clearance certificate fee and proceed to payment 

Step 8: For Land sub division fee Please select Sub-division fees and proceed to payment .


Access Business permits:

Step 1: After Logging in select Business permits module .


Access Construction permits:

Step 1: After Logging in select Construction permits module .


Access PSV:

Step 1: After Logging in select PSV Levy module

Step 2: Click add vehicle 

Step 3: Enter your number plate and click the blue box button to add your number plate 

Step 4: Insert another number plate and click the submit button 

Step 5: Click on the green button to make payment 

Step 6: After payment click on the blue button to dowload your sticker and click on the red button to delete your vehicle .


Access House rent:

Step 1: After Logging in select House Rent module 

Step 2: View a list of all registered houses under your details 

Step 3: Click the purple icon on the right to view your house rent statement 

Step 4: Click the green button writen pay to make online payment 

Step 5: Enter the phone number you wish to make payments from and click send payment request.You will receive an mpesa STK push to insert your pin number and complete the transaction 

Step 6: Upon successful payment, you will be redirected back to your registered houses 

Step 7: Click on my receipt to view a copy of your receipt or to download your receipt .
        

Access Cess:

Step 1: After Logging in select Cess module 

Step 2: Click on New Application 

Step 3: Fill in the details 

Step 4: Click on the check box 

Step 5: Click on the submit button 

Step 6: Click on pay and proceed to payment .


Access Markets:

Step 1: After Logging in select Markets module

Step 2: Click on the purple icon to view the statement 

Step 3: Click the green icon written pay to pay for your stall 

Step 4: Proceed to payment .


Access Hawkers:

Step 1: After Logging in select Hawking module 

Step 2: Click the search button to filter hawkers report 

Step 3: Click the purple or green button to download hawkers collection report 

Step 4: Go through step 2 and step 3 to access hawkers zonal report .


Pay Way leaves:

Step 1: After Logging in select Wayleaves module 

Step 2: Click the blue eye icon button to view the application details 

Step 3: Click the "Download structure file" to download the application 

Step 4: Click the button in red to "reject" or the button in blue to "approve" the application 

Step 5: In Receipt page you can click the filter button to use any preferences 

Step 6: Click the purple and green button to export as pdf or excel 

Step 8: Click on the blue eye icon to view or download the receipt 

Step 9: Follow the same from step 5 to step 8 for bills and licenses .
